.TH ASPIC 1
.SH NAME
aspic - a line-art processor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.rs
.sp
.B aspic [<options>] [<source> [<destination>]]
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.rs
.sp
\fBAspic\fP is a program that processes a textual description of a line art 
graphic, converting it into a form that is suitable for inclusion in another
document. The default output format is Encapsulated PostScript, but there is
also support for Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG). For a full specification, see
the reference manual. This man page contains only a description of the command
line interface.
.P
If no source or destination is given, Aspic reads from the standard input and
writes to the standard output. If only an input file is given, the output file
is the same name with its extension replaced by .eps or .svg (or added if the
input has no extension). A single hyphen character may be given as a file name
to indicate the standard input or output streams. Error messages are written to
the standard error stream.
.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.rs
.TP 10
\fB-help\fP
Give some help information and exit.
.TP
\fB-nv\fP
Disable the use of Aspic variables (dollar is no longer special).
.TP
\fB-eps\fP or \fB-ps\fP
Output is encapsulated PostScript. This is the default.
.TP
\fB-svg\fP
Output is Scalar Vector Graphics (SVG).
.TP
\fB-tr\fP
Translate certain characters (e.g. grave accent becomes opening quote).
.TP
\fB-v\fP
Verify the Aspic version number, and exit.
.
.
.SH AUTHOR          
.rs
.sp
.nf                                                                        
Philip Hazel
.fi
.
.
.SH REVISION
.rs
.sp
.nf
Last updated: 10 September 2022
.fi
